# Activity_tracker
A program that allows people to "share" information about their individual activities. 
This program is a program to store activity information about hobbies people picked up during the COVID-19 crisis. This program was a continuation of a beginner program that I had developed. I added some more activities that could be added such as cardio and weights as well as an etc class. I had a lot of fun doing this program actually. I do enjoy databases more than I do games so I enjoyed this a lot more than other programs that I have finished. I did have quite a few problems with the IDE because I am not used to programming with one so that was a learning curve. But after I added the Vim plugin that saved me a lot of time. What I did really enjoy was being able to use the arrow keys to choose functions which shaved down a lot of my programming time. This was especially apparent because I was back in the hospital and I had hardly any spare time because I had a lot of testing that I needed to do so I loved being able to shave some of my programming time as well. And another problem that I used to run into while programming on Vim was the fact that I would forget the names that I named my functions as so it was a lot of back and forth and back and forth and I did not have to run into that problem this time. I did run into some trouble implementing the data structures in this assignment, I did a red-black tree because it was a balanced tree so I could get some practice in. I had done a 2-3 tree in CS 163 so I wanted to do a data structure that was out of my comfort zone. If I had had more time I would have probably implemented my hierarchy in a slightly different way to make it a little easier for me to implement but considering that this is the second time I have programmed an assignment in Java I would consider it to be a success somewhat. I am hoping to do more operator overloading with this program to get more practice in it. But what I am loving about Java is that I do not have to do as much data management which means that I finally have not ran into any segmentation faults with this program! Which is amazing for me because I almost always run into stupid problems with segmentation faults whenever I program in C++.  
